Update docs and add section on templating languages (#126)
still-ex/still: guides/introduction/getting_started.md

This will create an Elixir project in the folder _mysite_. You'll find an `index.slime` file inside `priv/site`.

> Run `mix still.dev` inside `mysite` to start the development server. Then open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your web browser to see the new website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `cd mysite` and then you can just run `mix still.dev` to start the development server. Then open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your web browser to see the new website.
```
